Plastimatch

  Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Massachusetts General Hospital
  All rights reserved

  Contributors:
  MGH: Greg Sharp, Ziji Wu, Marta Peroni
  Drexel: Nagarajan Kandasamy, Harman Singh, Christopher Sagedy, others

  See LICENSE.TXT for details

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The GPUIT project has been merged into plastimatch.  The GPUIT license
is as follows:

GPU Imaging Toolkit Contribution and Software License Agreement ("Agreement")
Version 1.0

This Agreement covers contributions to and downloads from the GPU
Imaging Toolkit project ("Toolkit") maintained by The General Hospital
Corporation d.b.a. Massachusetts General Hospital ("MGH") and Drexel
University ("Drexel").  Part A of this Agreement applies to
contributions of software and/or data to the Toolkit (including making
revisions of or additions to code and/or data already in the Toolkit).
Part B of this Agreement applies to downloads of software and/or data
from the Toolkit.  Part C of this Agreement applies to all
transactions with the Toolkit.  If you distribute Software (as defined
below) downloaded from the Toolkit, all of the paragraphs of Part B of
this Agreement must be included with and apply to such Software.

Your contribution of software and/or data to the Toolkit (including
prior to the date of the first publication of this Agreement, each a
"Contribution") and/or downloading, copying, modifying, displaying,
distributing or use of any software and/or data from the Toolkit
(collectively, the "Software") constitutes acceptance of all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to such
terms and conditions, you have no right to contribute your
Contribution, or to download, copy, modify, display, distribute or use
the Software.

PART A.  CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT - License to MGH and Drexel with Right
to Sublicense
("Contribution Agreement").

1. As used in this Contribution Agreement, "you" means the individual
   contributing the Contribution to the Toolkit and the institution or
   entity which employs or is otherwise affiliated with such
   individual in connection with such Contribution.

2. This Contribution Agreement applies to all Contributions made to
   the Toolkit, including without limitation Contributions made prior
   to the date of first publication of this Agreement.  If at any time
   you make a Contribution to the Toolkit, you represent that (i) you
   are legally authorized and entitled to make such Contribution and
   to grant all licenses granted in this Contribution Agreement with
   respect to such Contribution; (ii) if your Contribution includes
   any patient data, all such data is de-identified in accordance with
   U.S. confidentiality and security laws and requirements, including
   but not limited to the Health Insurance Portability and
   Accountability Act (HIPAA) and its regulations, and your disclosure
   of such data for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement is
   properly authorized and in compliance with all applicable laws and
   regulations; and (iii) you have preserved in the Contribution all
   applicable attributions, copyright notices and licenses for any
   third party software or data included in the Contribution.

3. Except for the licenses granted in this Agreement, you reserve all
   right, title and interest in your Contribution.

4. You hereby grant to MGH and Drexel, with the right to sublicense, a
   perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
   irrevocable license to use, reproduce, make derivative works of,
   display and distribute the Contribution.  If your Contribution is
   protected by patent, you hereby grant to MGH and Drexel, with the
   right to sublicense, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
   no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable license under your interest in
   patent rights covering the Contribution, to make, have made, use,
   sell and otherwise transfer your Contribution, alone or in
   combination with any other code.

5. You acknowledge and agree that MGH and/or Drexel may incorporate
   your Contribution into the Toolkit and may make the Toolkit
   available to members of the public on an open source basis under
   terms substantially in accordance with the Software License set
   forth in Part B of this Agreement.  You further acknowledge and
   agree that MGH and Drexel shall have no liability arising in
   connection with claims resulting from your breach of any of the
   terms of this Agreement.

6. YOU WARRANT THAT TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE YOUR CONTRIBUTION
   DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY CODE THAT REQUIRES OR PRESCRIBES AN "OPEN
   SOURCE LICENSE" FOR DERIVATIVE WORKS (by way of non-limiting
   example, the GNU General Public License or other so-called
   "reciprocal" license that requires any derived work to be licensed
   under the GNU General Public License or other "open source
   license").

PART B.  DOWNLOADING AGREEMENT - License from MGH and Drexel with
Right to Sublicense 
("Software License").

1. As used in this Software License, "you" means the individual
   downloading and/or using, reproducing, modifying, displaying and/or
   distributing the Software and the institution or entity which
   employs or is otherwise affiliated with such individual in
   connection therewith. The General Hospital Corporation
   d.b.a. Massachusetts General Hospital ("MGH") and Drexel University
   ("Drexel") hereby grant you, with right to sublicense, with respect
   to MGH and Drexel's rights in the software, and data, if any, which
   is the subject of this Software License (collectively, the
   "Software"), a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use,
   reproduce, make derivative works of, display and distribute the
   Software, provided that:

   (a)  you accept and adhere to all of the terms and conditions of
   this Software License;

   (b)  in connection with any copy of or sublicense of all or any
   portion of the Software, all of the terms and conditions in this
   Software License shall appear in and shall apply to such copy and
   such sublicense, including without limitation all source and
   executable forms and on any user documentation, prefaced with the
   following words: "All or portions of this licensed product (such
   portions are the "Software") have been obtained under license from
   The General Hospital Corporation d.b.a. Massachusetts General
   Hospital and Drexel University and are subject to the following
   terms and conditions:"

   (c)  you preserve and maintain all applicable attributions,
   copyright notices and licenses included in or applicable to the
   Software;

   (d)  modified versions of the Software must be clearly identified
   and marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the
   original Software; and

   (e)  you consider making, but are under no obligation to make, the
   source code of any of your modifications to the Software freely
   available to others on an open source basis.

2. The license granted in this Software License includes without
   limitation the right to (i) incorporate the Software into
   proprietary programs (subject to any restrictions applicable to
   such programs), (ii) add your own copyright statement to your
   modifications of the Software, and (iii) provide additional or
   different license terms and conditions in your sublicenses of
   modifications of the Software; provided that in each case your use,
   reproduction or distribution of such modifications otherwise
   complies with the conditions stated in this Software License.

3. This Software License does not grant any rights with respect to
   third party software, except those rights that MGH and Drexel has
   been authorized by a third party to grant to you, and accordingly
   you are solely responsible for (i) obtaining any permissions from
   third parties that you need to use, reproduce, make derivative
   works of, display and distribute the Software, and (ii) informing
   your sublicensees, including without limitation your end-users, of
   their obligations to secure any such required permissions.

4. The Software has been designed for research purposes only and has
   not been reviewed or approved by the Food and Drug Administration
   or by any other agency.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CLINICAL
   APPLICATIONS ARE NEITHER RECOMMENDED NOR ADVISED.  Any
   commercialization of the Software is at the sole risk of the party
   or parties engaged in such commercialization.  You further agree to
   use, reproduce, make derivative works of, display and distribute
   the Software in compliance with all applicable governmental laws,
   regulations and orders, including without limitation those relating
   to export and import control.

5. The Software is provided "AS IS" and neither MGH nor Drexel nor any
   contributor to the software (each a "Contributor") shall have any
   obligation to provide maintenance, support, updates, enhancements
   or modifications thereto.  MGH, DREXEL AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS
   SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY
   KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
   NON-INFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL MGH, DREXEL OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR
   BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
   EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
   OF LIABILITY ARISING IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
   MGH, DREXEL OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
   OF SUCH DAMAGES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW OR
   REGULATION, YOU FURTHER ASSUME ALL LIABILITY FOR YOUR USE,
   REPRODUCTION, MAKING OF DERIVATIVE WORKS, DISPLAY, LICENSE OR
   DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD
   HARMLESS MGH, DREXEL AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND
   ALL CLAIMS, SUITS, ACTIONS, DEMANDS AND JUDGMENTS ARISING
   THEREFROM.

6. None of the names, logos or trademarks of MGH, Drexel or any of MGH
   or Drexel's affiliates or any of the Contributors, or any funding
   agency, may be used to endorse or promote products produced in
   whole or in part by operation of the Software or derived from or
   based on the Software without specific prior written permission
   from the applicable party.

7. Any use, reproduction or distribution of the Software which is not
   in accordance with this Software License shall automatically revoke
   all rights granted to you under this Software License and render
   Paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Software License null and void.

8. This Software License does not grant any rights in or to any
   intellectual property owned by MGH and Drexel or any Contributor
   except those rights expressly granted hereunder.

PART C.  MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
principles of conflicts of law.  This Agreement shall supercede and
replace any license terms that you may have agreed to previously with
respect to the Toolkit.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some code is modified from ITK sources and examples

  The copyright of the Insight Toolkit is held by the Insight Software
  Consortium, a non-profit, educational consortium dedicated to
  promoting and maintaining open-source, freely available software for
  medical image analysis.

  Copyright (c) 1999-2003 Insight Software Consortium 
  All rights reserved.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name of the Insight Software Consortium nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
      software without specific prior written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
  FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
  INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
  LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
  CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
  ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Some code is modified from Slicer3 sources and examples


For more information, please see:
  http://www.slicer.org
and
  http://wiki.na-mic.org/Wiki/index.php/Slicer3

The 3D Slicer license below is a BSD style license, with extensions
to cover contributions and other issues specific to 3D Slicer.


3D Slicer Contribution and Software License Agreement ("Agreement")
Version 1.0 (December 20, 2005)

This Agreement covers contributions to and downloads from the 3D
Slicer project ("Slicer") maintained by The Brigham and Women's
Hospital, Inc. ("Brigham"). Part A of this Agreement applies to
contributions of software and/or data to Slicer (including making
revisions of or additions to code and/or data already in Slicer). Part
B of this Agreement applies to downloads of software and/or data from
Slicer. Part C of this Agreement applies to all transactions with
Slicer. If you distribute Software (as defined below) downloaded from
Slicer, all of the paragraphs of Part B of this Agreement must be
included with and apply to such Software.

Your contribution of software and/or data to Slicer (including prior
to the date of the first publication of this Agreement, each a
"Contribution") and/or downloading, copying, modifying, displaying,
distributing or use of any software and/or data from Slicer
(collectively, the "Software") constitutes acceptance of all of the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to such
terms and conditions, you have no right to contribute your
Contribution, or to download, copy, modify, display, distribute or use
the Software.

PART A. CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT - License to Brigham with Right to
Sublicense ("Contribution Agreement").

1. As used in this Contribution Agreement, "you" means the individual
   contributing the Contribution to Slicer and the institution or
   entity which employs or is otherwise affiliated with such
   individual in connection with such Contribution.

2. This Contribution Agreement applies to all Contributions made to
   Slicer, including without limitation Contributions made prior to
   the date of first publication of this Agreement. If at any time you
   make a Contribution to Slicer, you represent that (i) you are
   legally authorized and entitled to make such Contribution and to
   grant all licenses granted in this Contribution Agreement with
   respect to such Contribution; (ii) if your Contribution includes
   any patient data, all such data is de-identified in accordance with
   U.S. confidentiality and security laws and requirements, including
   but not limited to the Health Insurance Portability and
   Accountability Act (HIPAA) and its regulations, and your disclosure
   of such data for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement is
   properly authorized and in compliance with all applicable laws and
   regulations; and (iii) you have preserved in the Contribution all
   applicable attributions, copyright notices and licenses for any
   third party software or data included in the Contribution.

3. Except for the licenses granted in this Agreement, you reserve all
   right, title and interest in your Contribution.

4. You hereby grant to Brigham, with the right to sublicense, a
   perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no charge, royalty-free,
   irrevocable license to use, reproduce, make derivative works of,
   display and distribute the Contribution. If your Contribution is
   protected by patent, you hereby grant to Brigham, with the right to
   sublicense, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
   royalty-free, irrevocable license under your interest in patent
   rights covering the Contribution, to make, have made, use, sell and
   otherwise transfer your Contribution, alone or in combination with
   any other code.

5. You acknowledge and agree that Brigham may incorporate your
   Contribution into Slicer and may make Slicer available to members
   of the public on an open source basis under terms substantially in
   accordance with the Software License set forth in Part B of this
   Agreement. You further acknowledge and agree that Brigham shall
   have no liability arising in connection with claims resulting from
   your breach of any of the terms of this Agreement.

6. YOU WARRANT THAT TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE YOUR CONTRIBUTION
   DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY CODE THAT REQURES OR PRESCRIBES AN "OPEN
   SOURCE LICENSE" FOR DERIVATIVE WORKS (by way of non-limiting
   example, the GNU General Public License or other so-called
   "reciprocal" license that requires any derived work to be licensed
   under the GNU General Public License or other "open source
   license").

PART B. DOWNLOADING AGREEMENT - License from Brigham with Right to
Sublicense ("Software License").

1. As used in this Software License, "you" means the individual
   downloading and/or using, reproducing, modifying, displaying and/or
   distributing the Software and the institution or entity which
   employs or is otherwise affiliated with such individual in
   connection therewith. The Brigham and Women?s Hospital,
   Inc. ("Brigham") hereby grants you, with right to sublicense, with
   respect to Brigham's rights in the software, and data, if any,
   which is the subject of this Software License (collectively, the
   "Software"), a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use,
   reproduce, make derivative works of, display and distribute the
   Software, provided that:

(a) you accept and adhere to all of the terms and conditions of this
Software License;

(b) in connection with any copy of or sublicense of all or any portion
of the Software, all of the terms and conditions in this Software
License shall appear in and shall apply to such copy and such
sublicense, including without limitation all source and executable
forms and on any user documentation, prefaced with the following
words: "All or portions of this licensed product (such portions are
the "Software") have been obtained under license from The Brigham and
Women's Hospital, Inc. and are subject to the following terms and
conditions:"

(c) you preserve and maintain all applicable attributions, copyright
notices and licenses included in or applicable to the Software;

(d) modified versions of the Software must be clearly identified and
marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original
Software; and

(e) you consider making, but are under no obligation to make, the
source code of any of your modifications to the Software freely
available to others on an open source basis.

2. The license granted in this Software License includes without
   limitation the right to (i) incorporate the Software into
   proprietary programs (subject to any restrictions applicable to
   such programs), (ii) add your own copyright statement to your
   modifications of the Software, and (iii) provide additional or
   different license terms and conditions in your sublicenses of
   modifications of the Software; provided that in each case your use,
   reproduction or distribution of such modifications otherwise
   complies with the conditions stated in this Software License.

3. This Software License does not grant any rights with respect to
   third party software, except those rights that Brigham has been
   authorized by a third party to grant to you, and accordingly you
   are solely responsible for (i) obtaining any permissions from third
   parties that you need to use, reproduce, make derivative works of,
   display and distribute the Software, and (ii) informing your
   sublicensees, including without limitation your end-users, of their
   obligations to secure any such required permissions.

4. The Software has been designed for research purposes only and has
   not been reviewed or approved by the Food and Drug Administration
   or by any other agency. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CLINICAL
   APPLICATIONS ARE NEITHER RECOMMENDED NOR ADVISED. Any
   commercialization of the Software is at the sole risk of the party
   or parties engaged in such commercialization. You further agree to
   use, reproduce, make derivative works of, display and distribute
   the Software in compliance with all applicable governmental laws,
   regulations and orders, including without limitation those relating
   to export and import control.

5. The Software is provided "AS IS" and neither Brigham nor any
   contributor to the software (each a "Contributor") shall have any
   obligation to provide maintenance, support, updates, enhancements
   or modifications thereto. BRIGHAM AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY
   DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING,
   BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
   BRIGHAM OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT,
   INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
   HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING IN ANY WAY
   RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF BRIGHAM OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR HAS
   BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM
   EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW OR REGULATION, YOU FURTHER ASSUME ALL
   LIABILITY FOR YOUR USE, REPRODUCTION, MAKING OF DERIVATIVE WORKS,
   DISPLAY, LICENSE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE AND AGREE TO
   INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS BRIGHAM AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS FROM AND
   AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, SUITS, ACTIONS, DEMANDS AND JUDGMENTS
   ARISING THEREFROM.

6. None of the names, logos or trademarks of Brigham or any of
   Brigham's affiliates or any of the Contributors, or any funding
   agency, may be used to endorse or promote products produced in
   whole or in part by operation of the Software or derived from or
   based on the Software without specific prior written permission
   from the applicable party.

7. Any use, reproduction or distribution of the Software which is not
   in accordance with this Software License shall automatically revoke
   all rights granted to you under this Software License and render
   Paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Software License null and void.

8. This Software License does not grant any rights in or to any
   intellectual property owned by Brigham or any Contributor except
   those rights expressly granted hereunder.

PART C. MISCELLANEOUS

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts without regard to
principles of conflicts of law. This Agreement shall supercede and
replace any license terms that you may have agreed to previously with
respect to Slicer. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Getopt routines (getopt_long.c, getopt.h)

  Copyright (c) 2002 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>

  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
  purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
  copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
  WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
  ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
  WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
  ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
  OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

  Sponsored in part by the Defense Advanced Research Projects
  Agency (DARPA) and Air Force Research Laboratory, Air Force
  Materiel Command, USAF, under agreement number F39502-99-1-0512.

  Copyright (c) 2000 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.

  This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation
  by Dieter Baron and Thomas Klausner.

  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
  are met: 
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
       must display the following acknowledgement:
           This product includes software developed by the NetBSD
           Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
    4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its
       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
       from this software without specific prior written permission.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS
  ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
  TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
  PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS
  BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
  SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
  CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
  ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
  POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Analyze format routines (analyze2mha.c, dbh.h)

  (c) Copyright, 1986-1995
  Biomedical Imaging Resource
  Mayo Foundation

  These sources were adapted from "The Analyze 7.5 File Format", 
  which states:

  The image database is the system of files that the ANALYZETM package
  uses to organize and access image data on the disk. Facilities are
  provided for converting data from a number of sources for use with
  the package. A description of the database format is provided to aid
  developers in porting images from other sources for use with the
  ANALYZETM system.

  http://www.mayo.edu/bir/PDF/ANALYZE75.pdf

------------------------------------------------------------------------
RTOG format routines (exchkeys.h)

  These routines were developed by John Matthews of the RTOG.  They 
  were developed using NCI funding, and are meant to be used by 
  vendors for converting to and from RTOG format.

  http://itc.wustl.edu/Exchcode.html

------------------------------------------------------------------------
F2C output (vcf2c_libcmt.lib, vcf2c_libcmt.lib)

  Copyright 1990 - 1997 by AT&T, Lucent Technologies and Bellcore.

  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
  and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
  granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all
  copies and that both that the copyright notice and this
  permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear in supporting
  documentation, and that the names of AT&T, Bell Laboratories,
  Lucent or Bellcore or any of their entities not be used in
  advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
  software without specific, written prior permission.

  AT&T, Lucent and Bellcore disclaim all warranties with regard to
  this software, including all implied warranties of
  merchantability and fitness.  In no event shall AT&T, Lucent or
  Bellcore be liable for any special, indirect or consequential
  damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use,
  data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or
  other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the
  use or performance of this software.

